[Doc] Adding Airflow Documentation (#64895)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/integrations/airflow.md

# Airflow

> This topic describes how to integrate your StarRocks cluster with Apache Airflow. Airflow enables orchestration and scheduling of data workflows with StarRocks using DAGs (Directed Acyclic Graphs) and SQL operators. Users can use Airflow to do data loading and data transformation on StarRocks using the SQLExecuteQueryOperator and MySQLHook without any implementation or complex configuration. 

Reviewer: Remove fluff:

```suggestion
Apache Airflow. Airflow enables orchestration and scheduling of data workflows with StarRocks using DAGs (Directed Acyclic Graphs) and SQL operators. Use Airflow for data loading and transformation using the `SQLExecuteQueryOperator` and `MySQLHook` without any implementation or complex configuration. 
```

[Apache Airflow GitHub repo](https://github.com/apache/airflow).

## Supported features 
- SQL Execution through MySQL protocol
- Connection management
- Transaction support
- Parameterized queries
- Task dependencies
- Retry logic

## Installation
### Prerequisites
- Apache Airflow 2.0+ or 3.0+
- Python 3.8+
- Access to a StarRocks cluster (see the [quickstart guide](https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/quick_start/))
### Install 
The MySQL provider package is required to use StarRocks as StarRocks uses MySQL protocol. 
```sh
pip install apache-airflow-providers-mysql
```
Verify the installation by checking the installed providers:
```sh
airflow providers list
```
This should list apache-airflow-providers-mysql in the output. 

## Configuration
### Create a StarRocks Connection
Create a StarRocks connection in the Airflow UI or via environment variable. The name of the connection will be used by the DAGs later. 
#### Via Airflow UI
1. Navigate to Admin > Connections
2. Click the + button to add a new connection
3. Configure the connection: 
  - Connection Id: starrocks_default
  - Connection Type: MySQL

>   - Host: your-starrocks-host.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Host: `your-starrocks-host.com`
```

  - Schema: your_database
  - Login: your_username

>   - Password: your_password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Password: `your_password`
```

    --conn-schema 'your_database' \
    --conn-login 'your_username' \
    --conn-password 'your_password' \
    --conn-port 9030
```

## Usage Examples
These examples demonstrate common patterns for integrating StarRocks with Airflow. Each example builds on core concepts while showcasing different approaches to data loading, transformation, and workflow orchestration.

**What You'll Learn:**
- **Data Loading**: Efficiently load data from CSV files and cloud storage into StarRocks
- **Data Transformation**: Execute SQL queries and process results with Python
- **Advanced Patterns**: Implement incremental loading, async operations, and query optimization
- **Production Best Practices**: Handle errors gracefully and build resilient pipelines

All examples use the crash data tables described in the [quickstart guide](https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/quick_start/shared-nothing/).

### Data Loading
#### Stream Data Loading 
Load large CSV files efficiently using StarRocks Stream Load API. Stream Load is the recommended approach for: 
- High-throughput data loading (supports parallel loads)
- Loading data with column transformations and filtering

> Stream Load provides better performance than INSERT INTO VALUES statements for large datasets and includes built-in features like error tolerance. Note that this does require the CSV file is accessible on the worker's filesystem. 

Author: In production, worker nodes are used to execute the tasks assigned to them by the Airflow coordinator. These are typically separate machines, which introduces problems like split filesystems.
